Local solo mining.

---

QUICK START INSTRUCTIONS (build instructions not included.)

Edit bitcoin.conf, enabling RPC (remote procedure calls) with a username and
password. The following would allow ckpool to talk to a bitcoin daemon running
on the same hardware:

server=1
rpcuser=username
rpcpassword=password
rpcallowip=127.0.0.1
rpcbind=127.0.0.1


Restart the bitcoin daemon with zmq messaging enabled by adding the following
to the startup command:

-zmqpubhashblock=tcp://127.0.0.1:28332


If your bitcoin daemon was built without zmq support, you can use the ckpool
notifier included by adding the following command

-blocknotify=$CKPOOLSOURCE/src/notifier

(Replace $CKPOOLSOURCE with the path to where you have the ckpool source code)


Create or modify a ckpool configuration file (such as ckpool.conf), including
the minimum necessary entries.

{
"btcd" :  [
        {
        "url" : "127.0.0.1:8332",
        "auth" : "username",
        "pass" : "password",
        "notify" : true
        }
]
}


Start ckpool from the source code directory (pointing to the configuration file
only if it has a different name to ckpool.conf or is placed elsewhere) in solo
mode:

src/ckpool -B


Point the pools entry on your mining hardware to the local IP address where
ckpool is running on port 3333, setting a username to the bitcoin address you
wish to mine to, and put anything in the password field (such as "x")
.e.g if ckpool has a local IP address of 192.168.1.100

url: 192.168.1.100:3333
username: 1PKN98VN2z5gwSGZvGKS2bj8aADZBkyhkZ
password: x

Any valid bitcoin address will work

(Hope for) profit.

---

OPTIONAL CHANGES.


Most of the ckpool configuration options would not need to be modified for a
local solo mining operation, and some of the config options are not used in
solo mode. The ckpool.conf included with the source has all the available
configuration options and is not recommended to be used as is. The following
options may be useful for a local solo mining operation.


Mining to one fixed address. If you only plan to mine to one fixed address and
not have to worry about setting the username in every piece of mining hardware,
you can set a bitcoin address to mine to as follows:

"btcaddress" : "14BMjogz69qe8hk9thyzbmR5pg34mVKB1e",

You must then start ckpool withOUT the -B option.


You can set the starting diff (instead of the default 42) on the pool as
follows:

"startdiff" : 10000,


You can define a signature to be mined into any blocks you solved as follows:

"btcsig" : "/mined by ck/",


You may wish to enable a donation to the author of ckpool with any blocks found
as a percentage (such as 0.5%) as follows:

"donation" : 0.5,

Donation is completely optional and disabled by default, but most appreciated.
0.5% would be a reasonable value.


By default ckpool binds to every local IP address on the hardware it's run on,
but you can restrict it to certain addresses or change the port it runs on as
follows:

"serverurl" : [
	"127.0.0.1:3333",
	"192.168.1.100:3334"
],


You can specify a different configuration file as follows:

src/ckpool -B -c myconfig.conf

or you can start ckpool with a different name and it will look for the
associated configuration

src/ckpool -B -n local

this will look for a configuration file called local.conf

---

NOTES.
Json is very strict with its field processing although spacing is flexible. The
most common error to watch out for is to NOT put a comma after the last field.

You can mine with a pruned blockchain if you are short on space, though it is
not recommended as it can add more latency.

Bitcoin core is NOT optimised for mining by default without modification, and
mining solo locally should be reserved as a backup operation only unless you
have the skills, hardware, and data centre quality connectivity to minimise
latency.

Good luck.
